docs: update release process (#328)
LIT-Protocol/Vincent: CONTRIBUTING.md

1. Checkout a new branch called `release/YYYY-MM-DD`
2. Update the following in `packages/apps/registry-backend/package.json`:

```json
"@lit-protocol/vincent-app-sdk": "workspace:*",
"@lit-protocol/vincent-contracts-sdk": "workspace:*",
"@lit-protocol/vincent-registry-sdk": "workspace:*",
```

3. Run `pnpm clean && pnpm i && pnpm build`
4. Run `pnpm nx release --skip-publish --dry-run` and verify the output is expected
5. Run `pnpm nx release --skip-publish` to consume the version plans, bump the version in the `package.json` files, and generate the `CHANGELOG.md` files for each package
6. Run the following to publish the packages, excluding the `registry-sdk` package:

Make sure to replace `YOUR_OTP` with your one-time password.

```bash
pnpm nx release publish -p ability-sdk app-sdk mcp-sdk contracts-sdk registry-backend policy-spending-limit policy-contract-whitelist ability-erc20-approval ability-erc20-transfer ability-uniswap-swap ability-evm-transaction-signer mcp-server abilities-e2e ability-morpho ability-aave ability-debridge policy-send-counter --otp=YOUR_OTP
```

> 7. Revert the changes made to `packages/apps/registry-backend/package.json` in step 2, but replace with the latest version numbers for each package

Author: ```suggestion
7. Revert the changes made to `packages/apps/registry-backend/package.json` in step 2: replace `workspace:*` with the new version numbers for each Vincent dependency package after step 6
```
